# rcs - RC4 encryption and decryption tool

## Introduction

`rcs` is a text encryption and decryption tool based on the RC4 encryption algorithm. With this tool, users can encrypt text with different keys and decrypt ciphertext generated by the tool. The `rcs` tool has key management functions, supports adding, deleting, and viewing keys, and can also display and clear encryption and decryption history. This tool is simple in design and easy to use, suitable for scenarios where fast text encryption and decryption operations are required.

## Features

- **Text encryption**: Encrypt the input text using the RC4 algorithm.
- **Text decryption**: Decrypt the encrypted text using the RC4 algorithm.
- **Key management**: Support adding, deleting, and viewing keys.
- **History**: Save and display the history of encryption and decryption operations.
- **Clear history**: Support one-click clearing of all history.
- **Brute force cracking**: Try all possible key combinations for decryption within the specified key length range.

## Installation

First, make sure you have installed Python and the `arc4` library. You can install the `arc4` library using the following command:

```sh
pip install arc4
```

Then, download the `rcs` tool locally and make sure the script has executable permissions:

```sh
chmod +x rcs.py
```

## Usage

### Start the tool

Run the `rcs.py` script in the command line to start the interactive mode:

```sh
./rcs.py
```

### Common commands

- **Encrypt text**

Enter the text to be encrypted and press Enter. The `rcs` tool will encrypt the text using the default or specified key. The encrypted text will be displayed in the console and saved to the history.

- **Decrypt text**

Enter a command in the format of `- <ciphertext> -<key number>`. The `rcs` tool will decrypt the ciphertext using the key with the specified number. If the key number is not specified, the tool will try all saved keys and return the result. The decryption results will also be saved to the history.

- **Add key**

Use the `rcs-adk <new key>` command to add a new encryption key.

- **Delete key**

Use the `rcs-dek -<key number>` command to delete the key with the specified number. Note that the default key cannot be deleted.

- **Show current key**

Use the `rcs-cuk` command to display all currently saved keys.

- **Reset key**

Use the `rcs-res` command to reset the key configuration and restore the key list to only include the default key.

- **Show history**

Use the `rcs-hst` command to display the history of all encryption and decryption operations.

- **Clear history**

Use the `rcs-cle` command to clear the history of all encryption and decryption operations.

- **Brute force cracking**

Use the `rcs-pod <ciphertext>` command and enter the key length range at the prompt. The tool will try all possible key combinations for decryption.

### Exit the tool

Use the `rcs-exi` command to exit interactive mode.

## Example

### Encrypted text

```sh
# Input the text to be encrypted
Hello, World!
```

Output:

```
Encrypted text: <Encrypted ciphertext>
```

### Decrypted text

```sh
# Decrypted using the specified key
- <Encrypted ciphertext> -1
```

Output:

```
Decrypted text with key 1: Hello, World!
```

### Display history records

```sh
rcs-hst
```

Output:

```
Encrypted text: <Encrypted ciphertext> with key 0
Decrypted text with key 1: Hello, World!
```

### Clear history records

```sh
rcs-cle
```

Output:

```
History records cleared.
```

## Declaration

`rcs` The tool was developed by [Rin' Cynar](http://rcva.san.tc) and is open source using the MIT protocol.

I hope this tool can facilitate your daily work and study. Thank you for using it!
```